changefeed: add constraint to Replication Factor and Partition Number (#16601)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/changefeed-sink-to-apache-kafka.md

8. In the **Topic Configuration** area, configure the following numbers. The changefeed will automatically create the Kafka topics according to the numbers.

>    - **Replication Factor**: controls how many Kafka servers each Kafka message is replicated to; there is a constraint on the factor, related to the downstream kafka's configuration, should be in range [min.insync.replicas, broker number]
>    - **Partition Number**: controls how many partitions exist in a topic; there is a constraint on the number, related to broker number of kafka, should be in range [1, 10*broker number]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Replication Factor**: controls how many Kafka servers each Kafka message is replicated to. The valid value ranges from [`min.insync.replicas`](https://kafka.apache.org/33/documentation.html#brokerconfigs_min.insync.replicas) to the number of Kafka brokers.
    - **Partition Number**: controls how many partitions exist in a topic. The valid value range is `[1, 10 * the number of Kafka brokers]`.
```
